despite the three losses on the road
there was plenty of team chemistry work
going on behind the scenes we're going
to show it all to you right now in the
Rockets rewind the team landed in
chicago during a blizzard and certainly
played cold behind the scenes however
there were some fun and games are
calling I can't like a Buddhist not
cottage this dog our producer made a
spur-of-the-moment twenty dollar bet
with demo and guess who's twenty dollars
for it just another demo can we get a
receipt for that bloody bugs
you know what
good your turn
it gets uh miss our bus
funded to be used
is the best weather
file against one
because it was
would you like cheese on it no cheese
now the camaraderie on this team is very
good perhaps too good because everyone
is subjected to the hazing word of
advice though you might not want to sit
next to Chandler at lunch
the deep dish wasn't the only thing on
Dwight's plate that's not my master from
DC
rice condition where ya
could be around
root beer float on
teams are made up of different
personalities but we see firsthand how
much this group of guys really enjoy
being together I think it is refreshing
you had a kinship report it just makes
everything on the court a lot better and
we've come a long way where as a team we
talk about being a family and wearing
any on the state together with a family
and for the most part we're like that
we're big family coaches stand all the
way down to the last guy on the team
look at them and they started showing
our blue we're not going to rehash how
they played against the Bulls because it
was ugly but it was surprising to see
hundreds of people cheering Donatas
motor units during pregame warmups
although we thought Pat Beverley would
have the biggest cheering section for
the Rockets turns out that demo is
really the mayor of little lithuania in
Chicago I'm really happy because not
every day I see that many of the points
in one spot and I know that Chicago is
kind of californians that's how they
called it and it's really nice to see
that these people came here to support
me and all the kids and
you know that very interesting in a
basketball follow the foundry supporting
Mia's as really nice and today is our
day which we chillin for chicago bulls
and for tinnitus multi-unit we have a
lot about like three thousand
acquaintance today for coming to support
the novice
now this is a hard worker and everybody
knows that example for all these kids
and for that offense I would supposed
cut the cameras NBA player these things
for me it's just like extra motivation
XX inspirational to working harder and
you know prove that I can be one of the
best you know that's that's all was
always one of my goal and that's why
every day I wake up with only one goal
to get better and finally out of the
cold and into the bright blue skies of
Miami the Rockets took to the national
stage against the Heat during pregame
warm-ups we saw Chandler Parsons having
a spirited workout with assistant coach
JB Bickerstaff maybe CP was excited to
be on ABC there's some of the defunding
going on today between the Cougars every
day when you're raising a child
quality time that's the most important
thing
hey my dad
chandlers going to be miked up today you
have any words of either encouragement
or advice sweet bippy please leave me
glee shoulda told us anywhere that a lot
of the world needs to hear our voice
that might be no one hears anything I've
ever hears it
are you speaking full sentences yeah we
gotta cut that off rather your real
tonight baby
well they did put him on the air but we
know it wasn't the result the team
wanted the Heat won the game but it
wasn't because of any three-pointers at
Dwight Howard took he's still showing
what he can do from beyond the arc
giving our own Matt Bullard all he can
handle the only problem is I can't run
anymore DK runs
y tengo 84 10 I went a verse where he
went now
we know coach saw it twice but keep
trying to get that call for a three
during the game